Hello everyone and welcome to part three.
Your first javascript exercise.
Let's get some practice of your new skills.
You're going to be creating a very simple web site that takes an A waits in imperial pounds and converts
it to kilogrammes the H-2A mail is already done.
All your work will just be in the connected not just file and the files can be found under javascript.
Level one folder and they're called Part 3 underscore exercise that each team L and part 3.
J.S..
So at the bottom of the html file is the connection to the solution that js file which is part 3 that
js.
Make sure to actually change that to your own.
Yes file before you start.
Let's quickly explore the HTML file and what the sexercise actually looks like.
Going to hop over to the editor in browser now OK here you have my editor open as well as the browser
connected to the H Tim L file and the instructions for the exercise are actually already embedded into
this aist him file like image and you're going to be creating a weight metric converter taken a number
in pounds and convert it to kilograms.
And what you're going to be doing is.
First you need to grab the Tamil file in all the way down at the bottom we have the script and the reason
the script is at the bottom is because I want him to load before my script actually loads.
So I have the script here and right now it's connected to my own script my script that G-S.
But when you first open this file it's going to be connected to part 3.
Yes that is the solution.
Javascript file.
So if you want you can run this.
H TIM PAGE ONE time so you can see what the solution looks like.
As far as its interaction with the Web site but make sure when you're actually programming your javascript
you remember to change the source to your own solution.
Ok so like I said you first want to actually change the script here so it links to your work.
Then use javascript to accept a number and put in pounds.
Then in your JIT javascript file convert this number to kilogrammes and the conversion from pounds to
kilograms is right here.
You multiply it by 0.4 5:4 and then afterwards report back in an alert that the way is now in kilogrammes
and then log slash write conversion completed to the Consul's second Z here conversion complete in the
console.
Let me refresh the page and show you what this should all look like.
Once you've come up with your solution a refresh and we see here it says what is the weight in pounds.
So put in one hundred pounds.
Click OK and then report back.
That is forty five point four kilograms.
OK and down here at the con..
I see conversion completed has been logged.
All right.
This is a fairly simple exercise.
It's actually just a few lines of javascript code that gets stuck on anything.
Feel free to post the Kewney forums or just watch the next lecture.
I will code through the solutions.
Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.